{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green129\blue189;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c30980\c50588\c74118;}
{\info
{\author RichardT}
{\*\company  }}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12220\viewh14400\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\sl276\slmult1\sb200\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Criterion A: Initial consultation\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Interviewer: Senthan Sivatharan\
Interviewee: Selva Somasundaram, Broker for Right At Home Realty\
Means: E-mail\
Date: September 18th 2020\
\
Senthan: 
\f2\i What is the situation of your business?\

\f1\i0 Selva: As you know, I am a broker under Right At Home Realty. Real estate demand is growing rapidly due to an influx of immigrants in the Ottawa region. There are a lot of opportunities to improve business in the near future, but in order to take advantage of them I need to create marketing plans and a good way to share information about my services in order to compete against other brokers in the area.\
Senthan: 
\f2\i What are your current problems with the business?\

\f1\i0 Selva: A lack of public exposure and advertising. I need a common medium to share information and offer services to get more business and let people know about me.\
Senthan: 
\f2\i What have you tried to solve these problems? \

\f1\i0 Selva: I have tried e-mails, poster advertising, and information sessions. The outcome is not that good due to not being able to convey much information in limited space, and people not paying much attention to those types of things. Because of this, I have been using mostly word of mouth to propagate business while figuring out what to do. I need a different means to get new business opportunities.\
Senthan: 
\f2\i Would a website be a suitable solution for you?\

\f1\i0 Selva: Yes, definitely! I think a website would allow me to provide up-to-date information about my business very easily to people, as well as provide lots of information, contact details, and other resources to those who are interested in working with me.\
Senthan:
\f2\i  What features would you want on your website?\

\f1\i0 Selva: I would like to have a website with listings, Google Maps, news and contact details among other things. A gallery of images of some listings would be useful as well to attract attention. Overall, I would want a good amount of information so people can learn about my business and have confidence in the reliability of my services.}